---
title: "2014-10-08"
date: "2014-10-08"
coverImage: "/assets/images/ce1.webp"
episodes: ["1"]
---

The on-screen day starts with another assembly.

> Tarou: "At 16:00 today, dubbing for episode 3 begins at R&B Studio."

> Honda: "How are Segawa-san's keyframes for episode 3?" Aoi: "She said she'll be done around 13:00."

Segawa ends up cutting it close, as she herself states. The radio on Segawa's desk displays 12:10. Note that she is sick.

> 12:10. Segawa seems to have caught a cold.

By 12:48, Aoi is eagerly awaiting Segawa's call.

> Aoi's smartphone displaying 12:48.

Aoi's desk phone the current date, weekday and time.

> Aoi's desk phone displaying Wednesday, the 8th of October, 1:01 PM.

With Aoi still waiting on Segawa, it is now 13:27.

> Aoi's smartphone displaying 13:27.

Aoi also talks about the dubbing in two-and-a-half-hours, as mentioned by Tarou at the assembly.

> Aoi: "Two-and-a-half hours until the dubbing."

The clock Aoi's drives past on her way to Segawa's displays ~13:35, so the clock is probably close to the Musani offices. On her way back, it displays ~14:50

> Clock displaying ~13:35 and ~14:50.

Aoi gets the ok from ????, then takes the keyframes to editing. There, ???? confirms that the dubbing takes place in an hours and states that he can finish his job in 20 minutes.

> ???: "An hours until the dubbing? Get real! I can get this done in 20 minutes!"

Honda's watch also displays the time and date, though just the day of the month and weekday. Madoka wants to leave for dubbing but gets infored by ??? that the train line has stopped due to an accident. Honda asks Aoi to drive.

> Honda's watch displaying Wednesday, the 8th, 15:18.

The schedule at R&B dubbing studio reads AR for Exodus episode 7 from 11:00 to 15:00, and dubbing for episode 3 from 16:00 - 21:00. Considering how seemingly everyone but Madoka is already present, it is probably now every close to the starting time.

> Schdule displayed at the dubbing studio: Exodus episode 7 AR 11:00-15:00, episode 3 16:00-21:00.

The on-screen day ends here.
